DOCS-2305: Email corrections (#1306)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/tools/tokenization/tokenization-available-for-plugins.md

* Use a plugin that supports the tokenization tool
* Enable recurring payments.

> Submit your request to enable recurring payments to your account manager at <sales@multisafepay.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email requests to enable recurring payments to your account manager at <sales@multisafepay.com>
```
